Setup all the prequisites like docker jenkins github and aws account on your machine 
1.Create ec2 instance
2.Install  java jdk and jenkins on ec2 as i have selected ubuntu .
3.Make a freestyle project on jenkins and install all the suggested plugins .
4. Making a freestyle pipeline for this project
5.Select github and give the url of your repository also do same for source code management and select git along with the URL.
(If your repo is public then url is sufficient otherwise you have to provide the credentials or your github)
6.Install nodejs and npm in ubuntu 
7.setup ur tcp port to 8000 to open the app and add this rule in security group, then coopy the ece2 ip along with 8000 port
8.Remove the docker file and install docker on your system to fully automate the integration of github and jenkins. sudo apt install docker.io
9.IN your terminal open vim Dockerfile to create a dockerfile 

FROM node:18.11.0-alpine
WORKDIR app
COPY . .
RUN npm install
EXPOSE 8000
CMD ["node","app.js"]

10. Run this command after that 
docker build . -t nameofyourimages
11. Above command will create the docker image of your container.
12 Run this command 
docker run -d --name todo-node-webapp -p 8000:8000 todo-node-app
this will run the docker container of your app.
13. Now kill the docker container by running  the docker kill imageid
and move to jenkins for fully automation

#FULLY AUTOMATION THROUGH CICD

14.Go to your jenkins job item and move to configure select build and write the steps to automate all the proccess which we have manually done above 
A. BUILD STEPS.
B. EXECUTE SHELL.
docker build . -t  todo-node-app
docker run -d --name todo-node-webapp -p 8000:8000 todo-node-app
15.if you get any issiue with build then try this command
 sudo usermod -a -G docker jenkins
Then restart jenkins 
systemctl restart jenkins
16. BUILD this will automatically do everything for you to create a image and container

#NOW WE WILL CONFIGURE WEBHOOKS TO AUTOMATICALLY BUILD AFTER CODE PUSH TO github

17. Insatll guthub integration plugin from jenkins
18.You should have ssh and gpg key then go to repository setting and select webhooks.
19. Give jenkins url as a payload url
yourjenkinsurl/github-webhook/
20.Go to security group and change port no 8080 destination as anywhere from my ip
21. On github select application json and click on just hte push event and add the hook
this will integrate the github with jenkins
22. Go to jenkins job and configure the build triggers to github hooks trigger forgitscm polling

#HURRAY WE HAVE COMPLETED THE WHOLE PROJECT OF INTEGRATING GITHUB WITH JENKINS AND USING DOCKER FOR CONTAINARIZATION FOR OUR TODO NODE APP. 